1) Find all the players who played in a Miami team but never in a Dallas team. 
Note that there may be multiple teams in a city. Return the players’ ilkid, first name, and last name.

SELECT 
FROM
WHERE



2) Find the players who only played between years 2000 to 2004. Return ilkid, last name, first name, 
and order the results by (last_name, first_name);


3) For each college, print the college name and average number of drafts (per season) they sent to the NBA. 
However, only report those colleges that sent drafts in at least 3 seasons.


4) Find the coach(es) who have coached the most teams between the years 1985 to 1990. 
Return the coach(es) cid, first name , and last name


5) Find the coach(es) who achieved the most wins (season + playoff) in their first year with a team. 
Return their cid, first name, last name, and total wins (season + playoff) in the first year.


6) find the coach(es) who achieved the highest INCREASE in the number of wins (season + playoff) in their first year with a team. 
That is the coach's number in their first year with the team minus the team's number in the previous year with another coach. 
Return their cid, first name, last name, and the improvement over the previous year.


7)  List the top 5 shortest players. Return their last and first names and their heights in centimeters.


8)  List the coaches who coached in all leagues. 
Use the method introduced in class with 'NOT EXISTS -- EXCEPT -- ..."; Return the coaches’ cid, first name, and last name


9)  Same as in query 8, but use a different approach;


10)  Find the tallest player of each team in the year 2000. Return the team tid, team name, 
player’s first name, player’s last name, and player’s height. Sort the result by the team name.


11)  List the top 3 players who scored the most points in history. Return their last and first names and the points 
they scored (hint: use"order by" to sort the results and 'limit xxx' to limit the number of rows returned);


12)  Print the first and last names of those who either scored more than 12000 points in their careers or 
played for more than 12 seasons.